Excuse me, what are you saying? I can't hear you clearly at all.
Miss Yu, I really forgot that night.
Your Majesty, if you ask my nanny for his concern,
This flight is a flight of aeronautics.
It's quite rude to say, it shouldn't be.
It belongs to me, King Tongtong. I will resign.
Who is it? Come out, it's me.
What are you doing in this hat?
Give me your head and follow me, why should I talk to you?
I'm not interested, sister.
Today I am preparing a kind biography.
Say it, you?
What are you going to do?
I haven't caught you recently, so what are you going to do?
I'm often the number one beauty girl, but today you're the one who wants to meet me
You are so proud
Take advantage of your illness
If you want to go to school again, don't say anything about it.
Take away one million
Be the head of a household
This money is mine
You are not qualified
I'm not qualified
You all helped kill my mother.
I came here because of the fate of your original family.
Even if I take one million, I think it’s too little. I’ll give you one more.
if it weren't for me
Are you qualified to do this Huan Guifei?
Tell you, stay away from me
If you don't let me correct myself, you won't be able to do anything.
You are so far behind
You've done it less
who do you think you are
How about you becoming Princess Wei now?
I don't like it
You can now make no difference in money
There was no difference before, right?
I promise
Is there any difference in appearance?
I tell you
Don't do anything about your waist.
Otherwise I have to blind you